Be the first player to CC the first Wisp that appears on Kinfall.
Be the first player to jump off a ledge.
Be the first player to land after taking any ley-energy wind in Shattered Observatory.
Be the first player to type /gg and die when it's needed.
Be the first player to use the Special Action Key at any point in Shattered Observatory.
Be the first to /gg and die after killing the Sorrowful Spellcaster for the first time.
Be the last player to CC the last Wisp that appears on Kinfall.
Be the last player to jump off a ledge.
Be the last player to land after taking any ley-energy wind in Shattered Observatory.
Be the last player to type /gg and die when it's needed.
Be the only one alive at any point while every else is down or dead (/GG does not count).
Be the only player to kill a mini golem while fighting Arkk.
Block or reflect a projectile from Arkk.
Call out a mechanic in voice chat that isn't actually happening and get someone to fall for it.
Convince a player to follow you up a flight of stairs or ramp. It can't be an unavoidable one.
Convince a teammate to use a Revive Orb.
Damage a teammate without downing them.
Don't stack in the green every time in Kinfall.
Execute a novelty emote/dance or transform with a tonic during an active boss phase transition.
Fall through the floor when fighting Arkk and survive the fall.
Get another player to jump with you in unison outside of combat.
Get another player to notice you getting CC'd.
Get stunned by the Focused Spikes mechanic on Kinfall at least twice.
Jump over any shockwave.
Kill any CM boss using the incorrect food and utility (0 food or utility does not count).
Kill the Anomaly by yourself when fighting Arkk.
Kill the Anomaly by yourself when fighting Artsariiv.
Kite the Focused Spikes mechanic on Kinfall at least once.
Reach the end of the final gauntlet run on Kinfall with less than 50% of your HP remaining.
Res a teammate from full dead.
Resurrect a downed teammate while actively standing in a boss red zone and survive.
Single-handedly deal the most breakbar damage on a boss.
Stack in the green every time in Kinfall.
Steal an Aspect tether from a teammate on Silent Surf.
Successfully cap every node during the bullet hell sequence after MAMA without dying.
Tether once to no orbs during any phase of fighting Arkk.
Tether to two orbs at the same time when fighting Arkk.
Touch every single cappable node during any bullet hell phase of the Ensolyss fight without dying.
